docs: ✏️ review contribute style guide (#262)
seedcase-project/seedcase-flower: docs/guide/contribute-style.qmd

contribute a new built-in style that will be available to all Flower
users.

Before you begin, fork the
[Flower repository](https://github.com/seedcase-project/seedcase-flower)
and clone your fork locally.

## Creating a new style

Built-in styles consist of the following files:

- Jinja2 template files: These define the layout of the generated
  documentation.
- A `sections.toml` configuration file: This defines how many output
  files the style creates and which metadata is displayed in each file.

First, follow the [custom style guide](/docs/guide/custom-styles.qmd) to
[create the templates](/docs/guide/custom-styles.qmd#creating-the-templates)
and
[add the `sections.toml`](/docs/guide/custom-styles.qmd#sections.toml-configuration-file)
locally.

Use the name of your style as the name of the template folder. The name
should be short, descriptive, and distinct from existing built-in
styles. It should be given in snake case (e.g., `my_new_style`).

> ::: callout-note
> If you are writing a terminal style for the `view` command, do not set
> `output-path` for any sections in `sections.toml`. Since `view` renders
> directly to the terminal rather than writing files, an output path is
> not needed.
> :::

Author: How about keeping it as one callout like below? 
```suggestion
::: callout-note
A terminal style for the `view` command must be a single-page output 
style, meaning it can only use a single `[[one]]` section. `view` 
ignores `output-path` since it doesn't output files and single-page styles can be used by
`build` as well.
:::
```

Reviewer: Ah oops, that's what I thought I had suggested. Not sure what happened there!

Reviewer: I made an edit, what do you think?

Author: I made new edits. What do *you* think? 😉
